Articles | Macaroni KID Brooklyn NW
Brooklyn NW, NY
Subscribe
Articles
Guides
Events
Directory
Become a Publisher
Save on Local Family Fun
Exclusive savings on theme parks, shows, museums and more
Explore Communities
Macaroni Kid National
Explore Local Communities
articles
Publisher Picks
Sponsored Unbox the Magic of Treasure Trunk Theatre!
Has your kiddo experienced the magic of Treasure Trunk yet? Check out all of the interactive and imaginative programs they offer, and choose whichever one of their four studios across Brooklyn…
Top 20 September family events in Brooklyn
September is jam-packed with back to school celebrations, block parties, special performances, and more across Brooklyn – happy September!1. Brooklyn Junior Carnival at Brooklyn MuseumSaturd…
NYC Public Schools 2026-27 School Calendar Printable
The NYC Department of Education has finally announced the calendar for the next school year! Download our one-page NYC school holidays printable to keep track of a new year of NYC Public School da…
Categories:
Attractions & Events 21 Amusement & Water Parks 1
Aquariums & Zoos 3
Community Service 1
Festivals & Fairs 7
Free 9
Indoor Play Places 6
Libraries & Storytimes 11
Movies, TV & Gaming 7
Museums & Educational 6
Nature & Environmental 9
Other Indoor Fun 31 Boerum Hill 16
Brooklyn Heights 14
Carroll Gardens 14
Clinton Hill 12
Cobble Hill 14
DUMBO 12
Downtown Brooklyn 14
Fort Greene 12
Gowanus 4
Greenpoint 15
Park Slope 15
Prospect Heights 1
Williamsburg 14
Other Outdoor Fun 22 Bed-Stuy 12
Prospect Park 8
Parks & Playgrounds 5
Pools & Splash Pads 2
Shows & Live Performances 37
Spectator Sports 2
Sports, Recreation & Adventure 4
Without the Kids 1
Celebrations & Birthday Parties 3
Child Care & Education 5 Back To School 10
Elementary School 1
High School 1
Middle School 1
Preschool 1
Tutoring & Academic Resources 2
Extracurricular Activities 10 Camps & School Break Programs 3
Creative, Visual & Performing Arts 2 Music 1
Educational & STEAM 1
Life Skills & Lessons 1
Outdoor Recreation & Adventure 1
Sports & Fitness 4 Parkour & Ninja Warrior 1
Food & Drink 6 Food Trucks 1
Kids Eat Free/Kids Nights 1
Other Food & Drink 1
Restaurants 7
From the Publisher 5 Contests & Giveaways 4
Health & Wellness 12
Holidays 72 Christmas 34
Cultural & Awareness 2
Diwali 2
Earth Day 5
Easter 13
Father's Day 11
Free 4
Halloween 19
Hanukkah 19
Independence Day 2
Juneteenth 5
Kwanzaa 4
Lunar New Year 6
Memorial Day 2
Mother's Day 8
New Year's 7
Other Holidays 13
Passover 3
Ramadan 2
St Patrick's Day 4
Thanksgiving 8
Valentine's Day 10
Parenting 113 At-Home Fun & Learning 83
Books, Games, Toys & Product Recommendations 20
Disability Resources & Support 8
LGBTQ+ Resources 1
Recipes 63
Tips & Tricks 78
Services & Retail 12 Clothing & Gear 4
For the Home 3
Gifts 6
Other Services & Retail 6
Self-Care 2
Summer Camp Guide 7 Free 1
Other Summer Fun 4 BY LOCATION - Boerum Hill, Cobble Hill, Carroll Gardens, Gowanus 2
BY LOCATION - Brooklyn Heights, DUMBO, Vinegar Hill 2
BY LOCATION - Downtown Brooklyn, Fort Greene, Clinton Hill, Bed-Stuy 3
BY LOCATION - Greenpoint, Williamsburg, Bushwick 2
BY LOCATION - Park Slope, Prospect Heights, Prospect Park, PLG 2
BY LOCATION - South Brooklyn & Beyond 2
STEAM & Educational Camps 1
Visual & Performing Arts Camps 2
Travel 20 Day Trips 7
Family Getaways 24
Search articles
articles
Free Printable Alert: 25 Fall Activities To Do Before Autumn's Gone
Fall has a funny way of going by way too fast.One minute you’re saying you’ll get to the pump…
How Tall Will Your Kid Be? Find Out with Our Height Calculator!
Have you ever caught yourself squinting at your kid and wondering, “Will they tower over me someday…
20 Weekend Event Picks (September 11-13)
Time to plan your weekend! Check out 20 weekend event highlights in and around Brooklyn. Click links…
Sponsored 22 Parents Visited Dreams Macao Beach Punta Cana. Here's the Verdict.
Every resort promises a beautiful beach and great food. So what actually makes families remember one?Publ…
Sponsored Unbox the Magic of Treasure Trunk Theatre!
Has your kiddo experienced the magic of Treasure Trunk yet? Check out all of the interactive and ima…
Sponsored Still Need a Few Back-to-School Pieces? Shop These Walmart Picks
If your kid's closet is already down to the shirt with the mystery stain and the jeans with the hole…
2026 Kids' Birthday Freebies: 25+ Free Meals, Treats, & Experiences
Got a September birthday in the house? Here's a list of deals and freebies to grab this month!Confess…
4 Things You Shouldn’t Do When You Wake Up at Night (And 3 You Should)
I was wide awake at 2:47 a.m. last Tuesday. Not drowsy, not drifting. Fully, annoyingly awake, doing math…
Tix Giveaway! Fraggle Rock: Back to the Rock Live at Kings Theatre
The Fraggles are coming to Brooklyn's iconic Kings Theatre this October! Based on the Emmy-winn…
20 Labor Day Weekend Event Picks (September 4-7)
Time to plan your weekend! Check out 20 weekend event highlights in and around Brooklyn. Click links…
Pizza, Pirates & Play-Doh: 10 September Holidays Kids Will Love
Before you fully trade flip-flops for flannel, check your calendar: September 2026 is packed with holiday…
Cheeseburgers, Queso & Cake: September 2026 Freebies & Deals
Cheeseburger deals, free cake, and a reason to say yes to extra queso? September still has plenty of savi…
20 Weekend Event Picks (August 28-30)
Time to plan your weekend! Check out 20 weekend event highlights in and around Brooklyn. Click links…
Top 20 September family events in Brooklyn
September is jam-packed with back to school celebrations, block parties, special performances, and more a…
How to Make Bingsu Slime (Yes, the Crunchy TikTok One)
At some point, basic slime stopped being enough. Now there are cloud slimes, butter slimes, floam slimes,…
Families Spend $1,500 a Year on Youth Sports. What About Yours?
Families now spend about $1,500 a year on one child’s sports and activities. But nobody feels that…
Brooklyn Back-to-School Guide + School Calendar Printable
Back-to-school season is here, and we’ve got everything Brooklyn families need to start the 2026 sc…
20 Weekend Event Picks (August 21-23)
Time to plan your weekend! Check out 20 weekend event highlights in and around Brooklyn. Click…
The No-Nag School Morning Routine That Gets Kids Out the Door
By 7:32 a.m. I have usually asked at least one child to put on shoes, brush teeth, find a water bottle,…
Stop Asking 'How Was School?' Try These 35 Questions Instead
Your kid gets in the car or walks through the door, drops their backpack like it personally offended them…
20 Weekend Event Picks (August 14-16)
Time to plan your weekend! Check out 20 weekend event highlights in and around Brooklyn. Click…
Load More
ADVERTISEMENTS
Meet Your Publisher
Meredith
I am a local mom with two busy and active kids. I have loved and lived in Brooklyn for 17 years; from riverfront parks to crave-worthy restaurants, fun events, and our amazing "village" – who’s got it better than us?! I am thrilled to share a roundup of the best local events, activities, & businesses with you in one easy-to-use website and weekly email.
Read More &raquo;
© 2026 Macaroni KID
All Rights Reserved.
Explore
Events
Articles
Guides
Business Directory
Press
Publisher Login
Find my Town
More
Macaroni KID National
About Us
About CertifiKID
Terms and Conditions
Privacy and Editorial Policy
Advertising
Jobs
FAQ
Contact Us
Stay Informed
Subscribe to our newsletter
Subscribe
Stay Connected
